Its a web application,

<!---------LANDING PAGE ---------------------------------------------------->
In the landing page we intoduce Dust2 cash, include this( how small traders can avoid scammers, help small traders with even less than5/10 usdt which is the least amount of usdt that can be traded   in most platforms like binance or bybit the small traders will be able to transfer the fund on the same platform eg they transfer binance to binance or bybit to bybit without transaction fee, they are then paid back using mpesa , airtel money and we keep it simple , fair and transparent "transaction fee included". our slogan is-(Dust2Cash , your dust your cash, with clear transaction cost) . make the landing page very convincing to the customers to accept using Dust2Cash .The landing page will have a nagivation url LOGIN page to Dust2Cash Selling PlatForm for users who create/have an account with us.


<!---------- LOGIN IN TO DUST2CASH SELLING PLATFORM ------------>
The user is led to a LOGIN page where they Sign Up using either their email or Google.If a user is new, they are led to a sign up page where they put in therir details or use Google.This information is recorded and stored in Clients Profile, if some information is missing the users' profile/request is rendered void.The user is required to input all the requied details in the profile, ie;* give their sign up details eg.Their First and Last Name, PhoneNumber and email. After that, they under go a verification process, where a 6 digit verification code is sent to their email and the user verifies it. The verification code is confirmed and user can access the Dust2Cash Trade Platform stress free

(Before users transfers their funds, they must confirm that an Agent is online for a Successful transaction to take place, if an Agent is offline, Users  can request for Assistance to transfer funds. Upon request, the interface notifies the Agent and the user is given a 15 minutes timeframe before they can decline their request. The app sends an email to the Agent to notify them of a client's Request."NO TRANSACTION TAKES PLACE IF BOTH THE CLIENT AND AGENT ARE OFFLINE".

If the Agent is offline and recieves a request/prompt and the Agent accepts the request by going online ie; Login in into the Admin page to appear active, the Client is sent an email informing them that the Agent is back Online.

The user can now continue using the Dust2Cash selling Platform. The Client selects the transfer application, currently; (binance, bybit and bitget). Then they select their prefered Digital Currency, currently; (USDT OR WORLDCOIN).The client inputs the amount being transferred where the system calculates and displays the amount after exchange rate and transaction fee based on Dust2Cash exchanges.They input their mode of payment, currently; (MPESA/AirtelMoney) and  request for an address by sending the form Details to the Active Agent's Portal, where the Agent selects a specific application address. Based on the application choosen, the system accepts the request and sends back an address/QR Code that will be allocated/directed by the Agent for the client to send their funds.The Client uses the address to send the funds and as soon as the funds are recieved, the system sends a confirmation message to the client's and Agent's portals as well as email.

After the Agent has confirmed receipt, payments are sent based on the amount exchange rates and transaction fees.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------BUYING RATES ----------------------------------------------->
 

1 usdt = ksh100,
 